c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\duckhuntlogo.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\font.xnb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\button.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blackDuck.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blueDuck.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\redDuck.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tree.png
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.png
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blackDuckAnimation.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blackDuckAnimation.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blackDuck.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blueDuck.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tree.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\button.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\duckhuntlogo.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\redDuck.png
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\font.xnb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.exe
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.exe
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\obj\x86\Debug\DuckHunt.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\KRYDDEMO\DuckHunt\DuckHunt\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\blad.png
